CDS-80791 new migration notice (#4025)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/overrides-v2.md

- **Continuity Assured:** We don't anticipate any disruptions or failures during this process. Rest assured, your existing pipelines will remain compatible with the service and environment override V1 experience. Automation and existing APIs will still work.

### Why Overrides V2?

- **Greater Flexibility:** With Overrides V2, you can now manage overrides for any CD entity. This includes service-specific environment overrides and** Global Environment** override variables.
- **Enhanced Infrastructure Variable Management:** Beyond the current capabilities, users can now manage infrastructure overrides and service-specific infrastructure overrides.
- **Independent Management:** Overrides will be represented as their own YAML object, allowing for more streamlined and independent management.
- **More Granular Configuration:** You can now set up overrides at both the account and organizational level for service and environment entities within a project context.

### Further Reading

> For those keen to delve deeper and understand more about Override V2, we've got you covered. Here are some additional resources:

Author: ```suggestion
For those keen to delve deeper and understand more about Overrides V2, we've got you covered. Here are some additional resources:
```

> - [Docs on Overrides 2.0](/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/overrides-v2/)
> - [API Management of Overrides](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/ServiceOverrides#operation/createServiceOverride)
> - [Terraform Management of Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/harness/harness/latest/docs/resources/platform_environment_service_overrides)

Author: ```suggestion
- Read the rest of the current document.
- [API Management of Overrides](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/ServiceOverrides#operation/createServiceOverride)
- [Terraform Management of Overrides](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/harness/harness/latest/docs/resources/platform_environment_service_overrides)
```
